That's heavy!
It's up!
Nice save!
So please, call for a set just one more time...
ace!
Shimada!
Suga!
One more!
Asahi!
What a sound!
It went ka-doom!
Nice! Good job, Asahi!
You too, Nishinoya!
You guys too. Nice set, Suga.
Nishinoya, nice receive.
That's the ace.
Hey.
You're the one who wanted to see the ace.
Don't freak out!
I-I'm not freaking out!
I don't have his height or power, but I can fight too.
I'll be him next!
The heat flickers
Sweat glitters on my skin
Shouts echo and shoulders hit
We asked the sky through the open window
Haikyuu !!
what our summer would be like
Tell me, Mr. Future
Come on, come on, come on
The chance is there
Do it together
Everybody always wants to stand there,
make mistakes, get angry, and struggle
We'll never give up
We don't want it to end
I will continue on with my imagination
I want to struggle and fall and become stronger
I want to persevere, stand back up, do it again,
and never give up
Let me run
I will run to where my imagination leads me
The width of a hand is approximately 2 cm.
My hands are slightly smaller than anyone in my own age group.
The 2 cm between the ball and the floor...
can keep the ace...
alive.
You can't jump worth a damn!
Episode Ten:
The Dream
Skipping practice for a month will do that!
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Harsh, Nishinoya.
Daichi!
Yeah!
If Asahi is back and we're facing both him and this veteran team,
we're gonna have trouble winning this.
What're you talking about, Daichi? You've got me on your si—
You've got me on your side!
Huh? What?
Hinata, butt out!
You've ruined my awesome speech, you idiot!
That was great!
And Nishinoya's receive was awesome!
If we can retrieve blocked balls, we have nothing to fear!
As if.
He can't retrieve those all the time.
Huh?
The ball plummets down at a speed of
100 km/h from just 2 or 3 meters away.
There's no way he can retrieve every one.
Right.
The important thing is to get it into their heads that a blocked ball isn't the end of the world.
I'm gonna retrieve 'em like crazy, so please keep getting blocked!
You get a whole new frame of mind once you know you've got teammates backing you up.
What?
Nah, an ace will score every time.
I see!
What?!
Karasuno        Neighborhood Assoc.
Give us a good one!
Ennoshita!
Cover it!
On the whole, their receives still need work.
Sorry, Kageyama. Cover it!
Got it!
He quickly and decisively gauges distance and the point of impact.
If I remember correctly, this setter is a first-year.
The question is, which one will I put in the line—
Nice, Hinata, Kageyama!
Thank you!
But now, with this guy setting for me, I can evade any block, no matter how high it may be.
He wasn't exaggerating.
That's amazing, Shouyou!
What was that?! I couldn't help but watch!
They didn't make any kind of visible or vocal signal, so how?!
Boy!
Why did you jump over there just now, Peewee?!
Peewee?
B-Because the set will come to me no matter where I am... sir.
It's obvious the peewee jumped without looking for the set.
Does this first-year setter completely adapt to the peewee's every action?!
And how can he be so sure that the set will come to him?!
Does anyone in their right mind go all-out on a set without looking?!
What are you guys, deviants?!
Deviants?
How come?
Beats me.
Tsukishima, wipe that grin off your face!
I have no idea what they were discussing before the match...
I hid in the shadow of Kageyama's overwhelming talent.
It was comfortable there.
That first-year setter has to be what they call a prodigy.
Hinata, we're gonna nail another.
Right!
Normal mortals pale in comparison to him.
You can do this!
However...
Ooh, a straight spike.
God damn, his timing is bang-on even after being out for a month!
Tanaka, you're too happy.
The one breath between the set and the spike.
It can only be achieved over time with lots of training.
Yes!
Their bond of trust cannot be built in a day.
So if the first-year setter's weapon is overwhelming talent,
then that means his weapon is
accumulated trust and consistency.
I got it!
Karasuno ain't such a bad team!
You should've told me sooner, teach.
I did tell you, many times.
Karasuno        Neighborhood Assoc.
Yes!
Who'd have thought that Peewee could be a middle blocker?
His fast attacks are impressive, but how does he block?
I'm being watched.
That's right! This match is Hinata's showdown against his dream ace.
Huh?
You see, Hinata enrolled in Karasuno because he wants to be just like the ace they called "The Little Giant."
Who, him?
So that's why he tries so hard. He says he's gonna be the ace.
For Hinata, this is his big face-off against the current ace of Karasuno.
Really? That sounds fun.
Although it's more like man versus junior high school student.
Straight.
Right now, I'm marking the ace.
I'm fighting against the ace of Karasuno!
Give us a good serve!
Nice receive!
A split-second later, he's right in front of me!
Karasuno        Neighborhood Assoc.
I was aware of how high he could jump,
but it's more impressive when he's at eye level.
I'm sorry!
Shake it off!
You almost had it.
How high is the guy jumping?
Save it for next time!
Yes, sir!
He's amazing, and he hasn't played for a month!
Not bad, Asahi.
You're holding your hands wrong when you block!
This is how you block! Like this!
Are you listening? Like this!
Get the next one too.
Hey!
He was sweaty and hurting,
but the Little Giant never stopped jumping.
I didn't really understand it at the time,
but now I think that's what it means to have the faith of your teammates.
I'm counting on you, Asahi.
Everyone on the team believed that he could score the point,
so they all worked to get the ball to their little ace.
I'm sure that it's the same for Asahi.
Hey—
The ace is amazing!
It doesn't matter if they're blocking or not, 'cause he can blast through 'em anyway!
What is it?
Nothing.
Neighborhood Assoc.       Karasuno
Cover it!
Forward!
Left!
If I had his height and power, I could be like him.
The left is coming! Firm up defense!
Hinata, go further back!
No, the Little Giant was amazing for his size.
Still...
I wish.
Hinata!
Hinata?
Hey, he's alive.
You okay?
You okay?! I'm so sorry!
Any way you slice it, it's his fault for standing there like a putz.
F-F-F-First aid...
Calm down, teach.
I'm all right. I'm sorry.
Really?! Maybe you should sit out to be on the safe side.
I-I'm really all right!
I didn't dodge it in time, that's all. It's nothing serious.
I'm used to taking it in the face.
That's not a good thing.
Why were you daydreaming during a match?
Crap. Kageyama isn't shouting, which means he's really mad.
It's like the time I served the ball into the back of his head.
I know what you're thinking.
Being an ace is cool.
Being a decoy can't be my best weapon. That's stupid and lame.
You wish you were as tall and powerful as Azumane so you could be the ace!
I-I don't think that!
Most of the time.
Now that you know there's an ace, you not only dream about being him, you're jealous of him!
Clear your head of that kind of garbage during a match!
What's wrong with being jealous?
You've always been tall,
so you could never know what it's like!
Hey!
Hey, you. Volleyball team.
It's time to shut it down. You need to put this away.
I'm sorry! We need to finish this match.
But it's late.
I'll be responsible for locking it up.
It's my fault the match got interrupted.
And I made Kageyama shout at me.
All right.
Thanks for putting up with me.
Sir, I'm sorry!
Thank you so much.
Take, that's bitchin'!
Okay, let's resume the match!
Yessir!
Neighborhood Assoc.       Karasuno
Let's score!
Give us a good one!
Okay, I'm ready for you.
Hey, this is the most powerful attack rotation for the high schooler team.
We have to watch out for the short guy's fast attack.
Right.
Excuse me.
My next set will be to him.
Please block him as best you can.
Haikyuu !!
My next set will be to him.
Please block him as best you can.
What's this, a dare?
Yes, it's a dare.
Forgive me for acting like a snot.
You're a funny guy!
Okay! Let's do this dare!
Thank you!
What is he thinking?
Fast attacks are effective because they're unpredictable.
There's no way Peewee can take a
head-on block with the cards on the table.
You're right.
We've gotta stop them.
I would have to agree, if he took them head-on.
Yeah! We can't let them make monkeys of us.
What's that idiot thinking?
Why tell them our next attack?
I can't spike through their huge blockers!
Right now,
you're nothing but a klutzy shit who happens to be nimble and can jump high.
You will never be the breadwinner ace.
Hey.
J-Just a minute.
But...
as long as I'm around, you're the greatest!
Huh?
Azumane's spikes are so forceful, he can cut through a triple block.
Uh, but not every time. I, uh...
You're getting too flustered.
Now how about you?
When I set for you, have you ever been stopped by blockers?
Give us a good serve!
Got it!
Nice receive!
The blockers are too tall!
Go around!
What else can you do, you moron?!
If I can't break through...
go around!
I hate being blocked.
I hate being stopped!
I don't stand a chance of winning with blockers in front of me.
I can't take them on the same way the ace does.
But...
As long as I'm around...
you're the greatest!
You aren't the ace!
But with your speed and jumping ability
and my sets, you can take on any blockers!
The ace blasts through for a point.
You go around for a point.
A point is a point!
You don't need the ace's crown.
You can hammer out more points than anyone!
That's why, thanks to your decoy skills, our opponents will be marking you, freeing up our other spikers!
Including the ace!
Right?!
Yeah?
Yeah, listen to him!
Your decoy work drastically affects our success rate.
Do you still believe that your job is uncool?!
I don't.
What?!
I don't!
Good!
That last hit was incredible.
I'm sorry for interrupting our practice match!
Uh, sure.
I'm sorry!
Please continue the match, sir!
Sir!
Okay, we're gonna seriously catch up!
Right!
Teach?
Just because you happened to nail that one, don't keep jumping in the same direction.
About those two...
Do you mean Hinata and Kageyama?
Are they from the same junior high? Or the same grade school?
Huh?
Not at all. Those two only just met.
It was a real mess at first because they didn't get along.
Ukai?
That's cruel.
Yeah!
Neighborhood Assoc.       Karasuno
These high schoolers are pretty good.
Us middle aged guys are gonna have to show our stuff.
A jump float!
Hinata!
All right! I got it!
See that?
That's immature.
What is that?
That serve didn't look like it had much momentum.
That is a jump float serve.
Serving it without any spin gives the ball a shaky trajectory.
It can swerve and drop without warning.
It's like a knuckleball. That's so cool!
Yamaguchi, that's your point.
Oh, sorry.
One more!
Hey, watch it!
Neighborhood Assoc.       Karasuno
Yes!
This is the 4th point in a row.
The first-year combo attack is impressive,
What happened to all that enthusiasm, high schoolers?
but the first-years and second-years' receives need work.
That's match point!
You're all mine!
Nice receive!
You won't get away with it this time, Shorty!
Caught him!
Oh no!
Hello! Remember me?!
What?!
Nice, Nishinoya!
Suga!
Asahi!
Neighborhood Assoc.       Karasuno
Damn. I'm sorry, Hinata!
I was totally wide open too!
Th-That's okay.
But that was amazing.
You had them all dogging after you.
It almost made me jealous.
I'll be counting on you next time!
Y-Yessir!
I don't know what just happened,
but that made me feel young again.
"Please call for a set, ace!"
It's great to be young!
"With me around, you're the greatest!" I wish I could say that!
High schoolers sure are cool!
You made us old timers feel like yesterday's news!
S-Sorry, sir.
How can I say it?
You guys haven't got it together yet, but once you do pull together, I think you guys are going places.
Thank you so much!
Thank you!
Anyway, receiving! You can't get anywhere without that.
We'll be training those fully tomorrow!
Yessir!
Thank you, sir!
Sir!
Hey, don't skip the stretches.
Stretch!
Yessir!
Rotate slowly!
Is their receiving really that bad? Bad enough to sigh about?
No, setting that aside.
I never gave it much thought when I was up for selection,
but the one doing the selecting has a tough job.
Equipment Room
m 846 373.5 l 844.5 460.5 1159.5 490.5 1161 406.5
Get it all put away!
Yessir!
Yamaguchi, bring the balls over there.
Right!
Okay. One, two...
Asahi?
I'm no ace...
but I can clear a path for the ace!
I'll become the greatest decoy!
A-Although, I can't do that without Kageyama's sets.
So, what I'm trying to say is...
"Give it your best!" doesn't sound right.
"Let's give it our best!" sounds kind of snotty.
Hinata?
Is that your name?
The ace is basically the name given to the left wing spiker, which makes him me or Tanaka.
Yes.
It's definitely the ace's job to break through triple blocks and to receive delivery of sets when the timing is crucial.
With your speed and jumping ability and my sets, you can take on any blockers!
I think that having a setter say something like that to you is awesome.
Anyway, what I'm saying is,
no matter what name the position is given,
I'd say that the player that terrifies the opposing team the most has to be the coolest.
Like, "Look out for that middle blocker! He's crazy." Things like that.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm not gonna lose.
Yessir!
But that's only if I'm allowed back into the starting lineup.
Asahi, you sure are timid for such a big guy.
You're back in action, Suga.
I apologize for worrying and obsessing.
I didn't say that.
And the reliable Nishinoya is back too.
Yessir!
But you can never shove the Vice Principal ever again.
I suppose our timid wing blocker,
the ace in name alone, is also back.
Now that I think about it.
Okay, get this thing locked down and go home!
Karasuno... fight!
Yeah!
If I tell you this story,
I wonder if I can explain to you
my feelings
and the distance between us
Standing on an empty field
I breathe out into the night air
Countless times I swore that I would change
I stumbled and fell a lot,
but I swore I would laugh at the end
and not let my tears go to waste
There are so many dreams that can definitely come true
I always sat somewhere, downcast, dejected, depressed,
but still I decided I would fight,
and not let all my frustration go to waste
This is our revenge
Next Episode Preview
It's finally time for training camp.
Yeah. Under one roof with Kiyoko.
Ryuu!
Noya!
Um, what's going on?
Ryuu!
Noya!
Ignore them.
Ryuu!
Episode Eleven:
The Decision
Noya!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
Ryuu!
Noya!
"The Decision."